#summary Counterfactual Regret Minimization is a game theoretic algorithm for calculating approximately optimal strategies.


= Introduction =

The strongest bot I got is one based on University of Alberta papers about Counterfactual Regret Minimization, which is a game theoretic algorithm that approximates an optimal strategy.<br>

See:
  * [http://poker.cs.ualberta.ca/publications/NIPS07-cfr.pdf]
  * [http://poker.cs.ualberta.ca/publications/abourisk.msc.pdf]

An optimal strategy is a Nash equilibrium, in the long term it will not lose (in the limit). However, it is not guaranteed to generate the most return, just that it will not lost a lot.  It is a very safe and very balanced strategy (although it can be surprisingly aggressive).
<br/>
You can look at a poker game as 4 grids, one per Round.
Within a round we have betting sequence (State) index *s*, and a card sequence index *c*. <br> We can use *s* and *c* as matrix indexes, this provides a very dense representation of poker.
<br/>
Looking at poker as a grid has a problem: it requires way to much memory to store fully.<br>
One way of improving this is by eliminating dominated game states (StateTree.Node.intent() does this, but probably there is more that could be done), thereby making s smaller.<br>
Another is by grouping together indistinguishable card sequences (canonical indexing does this to some extent, but more could probably be done), thereby making c smaller.  We can also use a heuristic to group together similar card sequences into buckets (see Bucketing).
These techniques combined (especially Bucketing) can be used fit the entire state-spade of Heads-up Limit Texas Hold'em in RAM.